# ACL 2020
The The 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2020) has taken place **online** from **July 5th through July 10th, 2020**.
  
**Official site:** [https://acl2020.org/](https://acl2020.org/) 
  
**Paper anthology:** [https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/events/acl-2020/](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/events/acl-2020/)

# Tasks
- Named Entity Recognization (NER)
- Relation Extraction (RE)
- Event Extraction (EE)
- Knowledge Graph (KG)
# Named Entity Recognization (NER)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. Named Entity Recognition without Labelled Data: A Weak Supervision Approach
2. Improving Multimodal Named Entity Recognition via Entity Span Detection with Unified Multimodal Transformer
3. Code and Named Entity Recognition in StackOverflow
4. A Unified MRC Framework for Named Entity Recognition
5. Improving Low-Resource Named Entity Recognition using Joint Sentence and Token Labeling
6. Pyramid: A Layered Model for Nested Named Entity Recognition
7. Bipartite Flat-Graph Network for Nested Named Entity Recognition
8. Instance-Based Learning of Span Representations: A Case Study through Named Entity Recognition
9. Named Entity Recognition as Dependency Parsing
10. Temporally-Informed Analysis of Named Entity Recognition
11. Sources of Transfer in Multilingual Named Entity Recognition
12. Soft Gazetteers for Low-Resource Named Entity Recognition
13. Multi-Domain Named Entity Recognition with Genre-Aware and Agnostic Inference
14. TriggerNER: Learning with Entity Triggers as Explanations for Named Entity Recognition

### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Student Research Workshop
15. Embeddings of Label Components for Sequence Labeling: A Case Study of Fine-grained Named Entity Recognition
### Proceedings of The 3rd Workshop on e-Commerce and NLP
16. Bootstrapping Named Entity Recognition in E-Commerce with Positive Unlabeled Learning
### Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on Representation Learning for NLP
17. Zero-Resource Cross-Domain Named Entity Recognition

# Relation Extraction (RE)
TBA
# Event Extraction (EE)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. Cross-media Structured Common Space for Multimedia Event Extraction
2. Discourse as a Function of Event: Profiling Discourse Structure in News Articles around the Main Event
3. Improving Event Detection via Open-domain Trigger Knowledge
4. A Two-Step Approach for Implicit Event Argument Detection
5. Machine Reading of Historical Events
6. Towards Open Domain Event Trigger Identification using Adversarial Domain Adaptation
7. Document-Level Event Role Filler Extraction using Multi-Granularity Contextualized Encoding
8. Exploring Interpretability in Event Extraction: Multitask Learning of a Neural Event Classifier and an Explanation Decoder
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Tutorial Abstracts
9. Global Locality in Biomedical Relation and Event Extraction
### Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on NLP for COVID-19 at ACL 2020
10. Enabling Low-Resource Transfer Learning across COVID-19 Corpora by Combining Event-Extraction and Co-Training
### Proceedings of the First Joint Workshop on Narrative Understanding, Storylines, and Events
11. New Insights into Cross-Document Event Coreference: Systematic Comparison and a Simplified Approach
12. Extensively Matching for Few-shot Learning Event Detection
13. Automatic extraction of personal events from dialogue

