# SDM 2020
Sponsored by the SIAM Activity Group on Data Mining and Analytics.
This conference is held in cooperation with the American Statistical Association.

This meeting is co-located with the SIAM Conference on Mathematics of Data Science (MDS20), **May 5-8, 2020**.

Data mining is the computational process for discovering valuable knowledge from data – the core of modern Data Science. It has enormous applications in numerous fields, including science, engineering, healthcare, business, and medicine. Typical datasets in these fields are large, complex, and often noisy. Extracting knowledge from these datasets requires the use of sophisticated, high-performance, and principled analysis techniques and algorithms. These techniques in turn require implementations on high performance computational infrastructure that are carefully tuned for performance. Powerful visualization technologies along with effective user interfaces are also essential to make data mining tools appealing to researchers, analysts, data scientists and application developers from different disciplines, as well as usable by stakeholders.

SDM has established itself as a leading conference in the field of data mining and provides a venue for researchers who are addressing these problems to present their work in a peer-reviewed forum. SDM emphasizes principled methods with solid mathematical foundation, is known for its high-quality and high-impact technical papers, and offers a strong workshop and tutorial program (which are included in the conference registration). The proceedings of the conference are published in archival form, and are also made available on the SIAM web site.

  
**Official site:** <https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/sdm20>
  
**Paper anthology:** <https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/program/accepted-papers/sdm20-accepted-papers>
# Tasks
- Named Entity Recognization (NER)
- Relation Extraction (RE)
- Event Extraction (EE)
- Knowledge Graph (KG)


# Named Entity Recognization (NER)

# Relation Extraction (RE)

# Event Extraction (EE)
