# ACL 2020
The The 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL 2020) has taken place **online** from **July 5th through July 10th, 2020**.
  
**Official site:** [https://acl2020.org/](https://acl2020.org/) 
  
**Paper anthology:** [https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/events/acl-2020/](https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/events/acl-2020/)

# Tasks
- Named Entity Recognization (NER)
- Relation Extraction (RE)
- Event Extraction (EE)
- Knowledge Graph (KG)
# Named Entity Recognization (NER)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. Named Entity Recognition without Labelled Data: A Weak Supervision Approach
2. Improving Multimodal Named Entity Recognition via Entity Span Detection with Unified Multimodal Transformer
3. Code and Named Entity Recognition in StackOverflow
4. A Unified MRC Framework for Named Entity Recognition
5. Improving Low-Resource Named Entity Recognition using Joint Sentence and Token Labeling
6. Pyramid: A Layered Model for Nested Named Entity Recognition
7. Bipartite Flat-Graph Network for Nested Named Entity Recognition
8. Instance-Based Learning of Span Representations: A Case Study through Named Entity Recognition
9. Named Entity Recognition as Dependency Parsing
10. Temporally-Informed Analysis of Named Entity Recognition
11. Sources of Transfer in Multilingual Named Entity Recognition
12. Soft Gazetteers for Low-Resource Named Entity Recognition
13. Multi-Domain Named Entity Recognition with Genre-Aware and Agnostic Inference
14. TriggerNER: Learning with Entity Triggers as Explanations for Named Entity Recognition

### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Student Research Workshop
15. Embeddings of Label Components for Sequence Labeling: A Case Study of Fine-grained Named Entity Recognition
### Proceedings of The 3rd Workshop on e-Commerce and NLP
16. Bootstrapping Named Entity Recognition in E-Commerce with Positive Unlabeled Learning
### Proceedings of the 5th Workshop on Representation Learning for NLP
17. Zero-Resource Cross-Domain Named Entity Recognition
# Relation Extraction (RE)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. [In Layman’s Terms: Semi-Open Relation Extraction from Scientific Texts](RE/1.%20%20In%20Layman’s%20Terms_Semi-Open%20Relation%20Extraction%20from%20Scientific%20Texts.md)
2. [Probing Linguistic Features of Sentence-Level Representations in Neural Relation Extraction](RE/2.%20Probing%20Linguistic%20Features%20of%20Sentence-Level%20Representations%20in%20Neural%20Relation%20Extraction.md)
3. [Reasoning with Latent Structure Refinement for Document-Level Relation Extraction](RE/3.%20Reasoning%20with%20Latent%20Structure%20Refinement%20for%20Document-Level%20Relation%20Extraction.md)
4. [TACRED Revisited: A Thorough Evaluation of the TACRED Relation Extraction Task](RE/4.%20TACRED%20Revisited_A%20Thorough%20Evaluation%20of%20the%20TACRED%20Relation%20Extraction%20Task.md)
5. [Generalizing Natural Language Analysis through Span-relation Representations](RE/5.%20Generalizing%20Natural%20Language%20Analysis%20through%20Span-relation%20Representations.md)
6. [Towards Understanding Gender Bias in Relation Extraction](RE/6.%20Towards%20Understanding%20Gender%20Bias%20in%20Relation%20Extraction.md)
7. Dialogue-Based Relation Extraction
8.  Implicit Discourse Relation Classification: We Need to Talk about Evaluation
9.  Finding Universal Grammatical Relations in Multilingual BERT
10. Relabel the Noise: Joint Extraction of Entities and Relations via Cooperative Multiagents
11. Relation Extraction with Explanation
12. Revisiting Unsupervised Relation Extraction
13. Exploiting the Syntax-Model Consistency for Neural Relation Extraction
14. Learning Interpretable Relationships between Entities, Relations and Concepts via Bayesian Structure Learning on Open Domain Facts
15. ZeroShotCeres: Zero-Shot Relation Extraction from Semi-Structured Webpages
### Proceedings of the 19th SIGBioMed Workshop on Biomedical Language Processing
18. A BERT-based One-Pass Multi-Task Model for Clinical Temporal Relation Extraction
19. A Data-driven Approach for Noise Reduction in Distantly Supervised Biomedical Relation Extraction  
20. Global Locality in Biomedical Relation and Event Extraction
# Event Extraction (EE)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. [Cross-media Structured Common Space for Multimedia Event Extraction](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/1.%20Cross-media%20Structured%20Common%20Space%20for%20Multimedia%20Event%20Extraction.md)
2. [Discourse as a Function of Event: Profiling Discourse Structure in News Articles around the Main Event](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/2.%20Discourse%20as%20a%20Function%20of%20Event_Profiling%20Discourse%20Structure%20in%20News%20Articles%20around%20the%20Main%20Event.md)
3. [Improving Event Detection via Open-domain Trigger Knowledge](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/3.%20Improving%20Event%20Detection%20via%20Open-domain%20Trigger%20Knowledge.md)
4. [A Two-Step Approach for Implicit Event Argument Detection](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/4.%20A%20Two-Step%20Approach%20for%20Implicit%20Event%20Argument%20Detection.md)
5. [Machine Reading of Historical Events](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/5.%20Machine%20Reading%20of%20Historical%20Events.md)
6. [Towards Open Domain Event Trigger Identification using Adversarial Domain Adaptation](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/6.%20Towards%20Open%20Domain%20Event%20Trigger%20Identification%20using%20Adversarial%20Domain%20Adaptation.md)
7. [Document-Level Event Role Filler Extraction using Multi-Granularity Contextualized Encoding](EE/7.%20Document-Level%20Event%20Role%20Filler%20Extraction%20using%20Multi-Granularity%20Contextualized%20Encoding.md)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Student Research Workshop
8. [Exploring Interpretability in Event Extraction: Multitask Learning of a Neural Event Classifier and an Explanation Decoder](EE/8.%20Exploring%20Interpretability%20in%20Event%20Extraction_Multitask%20Learning%20of%20a%20Neural%20Event%20Classifier%20and%20an%20Explanation%20Decoder.md)
### Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Tutorial Abstracts
9. [Global Locality in Biomedical Relation and Event Extraction](EE/9.%20Global%20Locality%20in%20Biomedical%20Relation%20and%20Event%20Extraction.md)
### Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on NLP for COVID-19 at ACL 2020
10. [Enabling Low-Resource Transfer Learning across COVID-19 Corpora by Combining Event-Extraction and Co-Training](EE/10.%20Enabling%20Low-Resource%20Transfer%20Learning%20across%20COVID-19%20Corpora%20by%20Combining%20Event-Extraction%20and%20Co-Training.md)
### Proceedings of the First Joint Workshop on Narrative Understanding, Storylines, and Events
11. [New Insights into Cross-Document Event Coreference: Systematic Comparison and a Simplified Approach](EE/11.%20New%20Insights%20into%20Cross-Document%20Event%20Coreference_Systematic%20Comparison%20and%20a%20Simplified%20Approach.md)
12. [Extensively Matching for Few-shot Learning Event Detection](https://github.com/Clearailhc/KG-NLP-Papers/blob/main/ACL/2020/EE/12.%20Extensively%20Matching%20for%20Few-shot%20Learning%20Event%20Detection.md)
13. [Automatic extraction of personal events from dialogue](EE/13.%20Automatic%20extraction%20of%20personal%20events%20from%20dialogue.md)

