# ACL 2019
The 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (ACL) took place in **Florence (Italy)** at the 'Fortezza da Basso' from** July 28th to August 2nd, 2019**.
The program of the conference included **poster sessions**, **tutorials**, **workshops**, and **demonstrations** in addition to the main conference.
ACL is the premier conference of the field of computational linguistics, covering a broad spectrum of diverse research areas that are concerned with computational approaches to natural language.
  
**Official site:** <https://acl2019.org/EN/index.xhtml.html>
  
**Paper anthology:** <https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/events/acl-2019/>

# Tasks
- Named Entity Recognization (NER)
- Relation Extraction (RE)
- Event Extraction (EE)
- Knowledge Graph (KG)
# Named Entity Recognization (NER)
# Relation Extraction (RE)
### Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. Neural Relation Extraction for Knowledge Base Enrichment
2. Attention Guided Graph Convolutional Networks for Relation Extraction
3. Topic Tensor Network for Implicit Discourse Relation Recognition in Chinese
4. Implicit Discourse Relation Identification for Open-domain Dialogues
5. DocRED: A Large-Scale Document-Level Relation Extraction Dataset
6. Global Textual Relation Embedding for Relational Understanding
7. Graph Neural Networks with Generated Parameters for Relation Extraction
8. Exploiting Entity BIO Tag Embeddings and Multi-task Learning for Relation Extraction with Imbalanced Data
9. Joint Type Inference on Entities and Relations via Graph Convolutional Networks
10. Unsupervised Information Extraction: Regularizing Discriminative Approaches with Relation Distribution Losses
11. Fine-tuning Pre-Trained Transformer Language Models to Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction
12. ARNOR: Attention Regularization based Noise Reduction for Distant Supervision Relation Classification
13. GraphRel: Modeling Text as Relational Graphs for Joint Entity and Relation Extraction
14. DIAG-NRE: A Neural Pattern Diagnosis Framework for Distantly Supervised Neural Relation Extraction
15. SphereRE: Distinguishing Lexical Relations with Hyperspherical Relation Embeddings
16. Multi-Level Matching and Aggregation Network for Few-Shot Relation Classification
17. Quantifying Similarity between Relations with Fact Distribution
18. Matching the Blanks: Distributional Similarity for Relation Learning
19. Fine-Grained Temporal Relation Extraction
20. Employing the Correspondence of Relations and Connectives to Identify Implicit Discourse Relations via Label Embeddings
21. Multi-Relational Script Learning for Discourse Relations
22. Inter-sentence Relation Extraction with Document-level Graph Convolutional Neural Network
23. Chinese Relation Extraction with Multi-Grained Information and External Linguistic Knowledge
24. Learning Attention-based Embeddings for Relation Prediction in Knowledge Graphs
25. Span-Level Model for Relation Extraction
26. Modeling Semantic Relationship in Multi-turn Conversations with Hierarchical Latent Variables
27. Collocation Classification with Unsupervised Relation Vectors
28. Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning for Relation Classification with Limited Supervision
29. Learning Representation Mapping for Relation Detection in Knowledge Base Question Answering

### Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations
30. An Environment for Relational Annotation of Political Debates
31. A Framework for Relation Extraction Across Multiple Datasets in Multiple Domains
### Proceedings of the 4th Workshop on Representation Learning for NLP (RepL4NLP-2019)
32. Meta-Learning Improves Lifelong Relation Extraction
### Proceedings of the 6th Workshop on Argument Mining
33. Dissecting Content and Context in Argumentative Relation Analysis
34. Argument Component Classification by Relation Identification by Neural Network and TextRank
# Event Extraction (EE)
### Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics
1. Open Domain Event Extraction Using Neural Latent Variable Models
2. Literary Event Detection
3. Revisiting Joint Modeling of Cross-document Entity and Event Coreference Resolution
4. Distilling Discrimination and Generalization Knowledge for Event Detection via Delta-Representation Learning
5. Detecting Subevents using Discourse and Narrative Features
6. Cost-sensitive Regularization for Label Confusion-aware Event Detection
7. Exploring Pre-trained Language Models for Event Extraction and GenerExploiting Entity BIO Tag Embeddings and Multi-task Learning for Relation Extraction with Imbalanced Data
### Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations
8. Rapid Customization for Event Extraction
### Proceedings of the Fourth Social Media Mining for Health Applications (#SMM4H) Workshop & Shared Task
9. Identifying Adverse Drug Events Mentions in Tweets Using Attentive, Collocated, and Aggregated Medical Representation
### Proceedings of the First International Workshop on Designing Meaning Representations
10. Event Structure Representation: Between Verbs and Argument Structure Constructions
# Knowledge Graph (KG) 